# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

Overall, the entire week went way smoother than I had imagined. Yeah, things are going quickly, but I like the pace, and am actually down to learn way more. I love the course, the teachers are great and overall, I think its going very well. :)


- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

Im learning how quickly I can pick up stuff. I had no idea Id be able to start coding this fast, and its a lot, sure, but I like it. Something else that shocked me quite a bit as well is how easy it is for me so far. I know, its week one, and things are going to get quite a bit more difficult in the weeks to come, but so far, Im pretty surprised at how well im understanding it all.


- What are you struggling with?

Time management at home. Its always been a bit of an issue for me, and I know im going to have to manage my time very efficiently for the next 12 weeks. So, just been trying to get into a flow. Its bumpy for me, but I hope with some work I can get to where I want to be with it


- What would you count as a victory?

Getting up every morning honestly... Yeah, its not related to CodeWorks, but it does effect me and my mental state throughout the course. And Ive been having a lot of those little successes recently. Both in my life at home, and a lot within CodeWorks: from fixing a bug in my HTML to realizing I forgot a stupid period in my CSS that threw off my webpage for 3 whole hours...

